Devservices documentation (#281)
quarkiverse/quarkus-amazon-services: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-dynamodb.adoc

* An AWS Account to access the DynamoDB service
* Optionally, Docker for your system to run DynamoDB locally for testing purposes

=== Provision DynamoDB locally via Dev Services

The easiest way to start working with DynamoDB is to run a local instance using Dev Services.

=== Provision DynamoDB locally manually

> You can also setup a local version of DynamoDB manually, first start a localstack container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set up a local version of DynamoDB manually, first start a localstack container:
```
